Structs vs Classes

In Python, when establishing a class, the attributes and
methods are both formed completely within the class initialization,
making the Python way concise and simple. However, in C, separate 
functions are required, with the structs only holding data and 
function pointers - not the functions themselves. This makes an
extra step, where the function must be defined outside of the struct.
Additionally, the initialization method is not inherently included in
the setup for a C struct. So where in Python you create a class in its
entirety in a few lines, all within the group of code, in C there are
multiple functions required to accomplish the same: the struct itself,
the functions for the class each in their own separate code blokc, and
the initialization function for the class.

When a method is called on an object in Python, the interpreter looks
up the function pointer for that method, and then calls it.


Inheritance Implementation

In C, inheritance comes from calling the base struct in the formation 
of the 'derived' struct. By including the line "Character base;" when
initializing the Mage and Warrior structs, they inherit the characteristics
of the Character struct, which can then be built on. Python's approach is
more concise; when defining the class of Warrior, for example, the syntax
to determine inheritance would simply be "class Warrior(Character):" which 
would automatically give Warrior all of the data and functions from the 
Character class.

Python's approach is much more concise, only a few extra characters are
required to determine inheritance in Python, whereas an extra line of code
is needed in C. Additionally, C requires the parent struct to be cast to 
the derived struct in specific functions, but Python does not
require this step. Overall, the C approach just requires some more code to
achieve the same result.

Understanding OOP Mechanics

Function points enable polymorphism because the struct can call a different
function based with the same code. In this assignment, the attack function was
called the same way in each iteration of the loop, but based on the struct type of 
the data that was in that index of the loop, a different result printed. 

These patterns would be used in C to allow the same benefits as built-in OOP, 
while still having the same low overhead and reduced time and pauses that C offers.
These patterns allow the programmer to group similar objects and their functions to 
reduce the large amount of code needed to accomplish the same task without these
patterns. For example, if we want to display information about 100 thermostats all 
at the same time, instead of having to individually print out the information for
all 100 thermostats over 100 lines of code, a simple array and loop that cycles 
through all the thermostats and their information would more simply accomplish
the same result. If instead of thermostats, we have 100 different types of digital
measurement tools we had to read, the methods used in this assignment to simulate
polymorphism would provide the flexibility to use the same array and loop, while
changing the output based on the type of measurement tool that was being read in that
instance.